The Joe Roogan experience.
What are other Saifai favorites? So heroes, alien.
Alien.
That's why I was really excited when I heard that you were at least potentially
at one point in time thinking about doing an alien. Yeah. It would.
Have been cool. What.
Happened?
It's just, you know, just studio politics and the, um,
I do,
I do think that the way the chappy was received probably played a role in me not
working on alien. Uh, but you know, it's,
it's Ridley's world that he created and it's like, it,
it should be his to do what he wants with. So it, it it's, it's all good.
Yeah, I get that, but it's still a little bit.
Yeah. I mean, it would have been fun for me as well. I mean, the,
the thing that I would have really enjoyed about it with Sigourney Weaver was
really down for what I'd written and she, that the main thing to me was,
even though I like alien three and I love Fincher as a director,
I just wanted a version of,
of the continuation of what happened after aliens and for Newt to be
alive and for, you know, for Ripley to continue that story. Um,
and it was sort of based on that idea is the.
Kid who played Newt. How old is she now?
Um, I w I mean, in my story, she w she was in her, uh,
kind of mid twenties. Um, I mean, in reality, I mean,
alien just aliens just turned 35. So she must be, you know,
like 44 or something.
Isn't that wild. Yeah. It's wild. When you find out that the movie,
the original was from the seventies.
79, you know.
What, yeah, it seems so much more current. Yeah. Then in 1980.
I mean, that's one of the things that's amazing about it is,
is how timeless it is, you know? And, and also just, I mean, a lot of it,
I saw it in a theater a couple of years ago,
and I couldn't believe just the quality of, of everything.
It's really amazing how well it was filmed.
I accidentally watched the blue Ray version of aliens,
and it's kind of hilarious because in the blue Ray version,
things that were not meant to be HD are now HD.
So w there's a scene where the spaceships are lined up and there's
clearly a mural of spaceships in the background. It looks so fake.
Oh, you mean a map painting. So when they're in the silica, when they're in the,
when they're in the, the military ship, the big one, right.
I think I know what you mean. It looks so corny. I'm like, no,
because there's, you know,
there's like this physical ship and then behind it is just some.
It's like, it's so clear that they used, you know, they expected like focus and,
you know, the kind of graininess of film.
Yeah. Matte paintings, pre computer graphics were done on pains of gloss.
And so, um, I mean, in a way,
aliens is like an using the technology that they had at the time is actually
like totally incredible. But I know, I do know what you're saying though.
I mean, for, for audiences now on the stuff that we're, that we have access to,
you know, these techniques are so dated, but it would be a large pane of glass,
like a shower piece of, of gloss.
And then they would paint what they want the set to look like and shoot through
it, um, with your other real, uh, environments as well.
That's why the shots always locked off. Right. They're always stable.
Obviously you can't move. So yeah.
Aliens was interesting by itself.
If alien didn't exist,
the problem with aliens is these creatures are so bumbling and easy to kill,
like in the first movie, that thing was so clever, pure terror. Yeah.
Pure terror. So clever and so good at sneaking up on people.
I mean,
I think the thing that Cameron did with the second film was pretty amazing
though, in the way that he was, he made it, he made it militaristic, you change,
change the context. And so I think because of that,
and also there was a kind of Vietnam war, high technology, low technology,
sort of parable that at play. Yes. Um,
so it was two forces, you know,
in which case it makes the aliens be more there's, there's an abundance of them.
Right. Um, but I, I, I almost liked both films equally. I think both,
both approaches.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.